# Any

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 10.2.1.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `--prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.io/cli) page.


### Structure of components
## Authentication
pages/auth/login component 
pages/auth/forgotpassward component
pages/auth/change-passward
pages/auth/otp-verification
pages/auth/reser-passward


## guard
auth-guard

## interceptor
error interceptor

## module
multi-select dropdown
share module

##  administrate management
 pages/administrate/add-admin
 pages/administrate/admin-list
 pages/administrate/edit-admin
 pages/administrate/view-admin

 ## advert management
 pages/advert/add-advert
 pages/advert/advert-list
 pages/advert/edit-advert

## auto notification
pages/auto-notification/auto-notification-list
pages/auto-notification/edit-auto-notification
pages/auto-notification/view-auto-notification

## category management
pages/category/add-category
pages/category/edit-category
pages/category/view-category
pages/category/list-category

## client management
pages/client/add-client
pages/client/edit-client
pages/client/view-client
pages/client/list-client

## coupon management
pages/coupon/add-coupon
pages/coupon/edit-coupon
pages/coupon/view-coupon
pages/coupon/list-coupon

## dashboard
pages/dashboard/main-dashboard
pages/dashboard/view-order-details

## delivery management
pages/delivery/add-delivery
pages/delivery/edit-delivery
pages/delivery/view-delivery
pages/delivery/list-delivery

## discount management
pages/discount/add-discount
pages/discount/edit-discount
pages/discount/view-discount
pages/discount/list-discount

## earning management
pages/earning/add-earning
pages/earning/edit-earning
pages/earning/view-earning
pages/earning/list-earning

## expert management
pages/expert/add-expert
pages/expert/edit-expert
pages/expert/view-expert
pages/expert/list-expert

## faq management
pages/faq/add-faq
pages/faq/edit-faq
pages/faq/view-faq
pages/faq/list-faq

## inbox management
pages/inbox/add-inbox
pages/inbox/edit-inbox
pages/inbox/view-inbox
pages/inbox/list-inbox

## inventory management
pages/inventory/add-inventory
pages/inventory/edit-inventory
pages/inventory/view-inventory
pages/inventory/list-inventory

## job management
pages/job/add-job
pages/job/edit-job
pages/job/view-job
pages/job/list-job

## material order management
pages/material order/add-material order
pages/material order/edit-material order
pages/material order/view-material order
pages/material order/list-material order

## notification management
pages/notification/add-notification
pages/notification/edit-notification
pages/notification/view-notification
pages/notification/list-notification

## order management
pages/order/add-order
pages/order/edit-order
pages/order/view-order
pages/order/list-order

## review management
pages/review/add-review
pages/review/edit-review
pages/review/view-review
pages/review/list-review

## service management
pages/service/add-service
pages/service/edit-service
pages/service/view-service
pages/service/list-service

## setting management
pages/setting/admin-profile/edit-admin-profile
pages/setting/admin-profile/view-admin-profile
pages/setting/app-referral-message
pages/setting/automatic-logout-time
pages/setting/cancellation-reason
pages/setting/client-signin-screen-background
pages/setting/currency-symbol
pages/setting/delivery-vehicle-type
pages/setting/email-generated
pages/setting/fee-management
pages/setting/fees
pages/setting/home-screen
pages/setting/payment-methods
pages/setting/reward-amounts
pages/setting/service-area
pages/setting/service ares indices
pages/setting/slider-images
pages/setting/social-netword

## sharing
pages/sharing/header
pages/sharing/footer

## pipes
pipe












